Dev Bug - review release notes - failing on words like IPs, URLs, etc (#1920)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue in **update-release-notes** where suggestion fix failed in validation.
* Fixed a bug where `.env` files didn't load. @nicolas-rdgs

> * Fixed an issue in **review-release-notes** where certain words failed in validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved the detection of errors in **review-release-notes** command.
```
